Added the review for the Che 7 End-user guide once again. (#783)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/end-user-guide/con_embedded-and-remote-che-theia-plug-ins.adoc

[id="embedded-or-local-plug-ins_{context}"]
== Embedded (or local) plug-ins

The plug-in does not have specific dependencies - it only uses a Node.js runtime, and it runs in the same container as the IDE. The plug-in is injected into the IDE.

Examples:

* Code linting
* New set of commands
* New UI components

> To include a Che-Theia plug-in as embedded, define a URL to the plug-in binary (the `.theia` archive) in the `meta.yaml` file. In the case of a VS Code extension, provide the extension ID from the Visual Studio Code  marketplace (see xref:converting-a-visual-studio-code-extension-to-a-che-theia-plug-in_developing-che-theia-plug-ins[]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To include a Che-Theia plug-in as embedded, define a URL to the plug-in binary (the `.theia` archive) in the `meta.yaml` file. In the case of a VS Code extension, provide the extension ID from the Visual Studio Code  marketplace (see link:{{site.baseurl}}che-7/using-a-visual-studio-code-extension-in-che[Using a Visual Studio Code extension in Che]).
```
